<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>freshblueinc.com</p>
<!-- Internet Explorer HTML5 enabling code: -->
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<!--[if IE]>
        <script src="http://html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script>

        <style type="text/css">
        .clear {
          zoom: 1;
          display: block;
        }
        </style>


        <![endif]--><!-- Defining the #page section with the section tag -->
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<!-- Defining the header section of the page with the appropriate tag -->
<h4>freshblueinc.com</h4>
<p><span class="poweredby">from $<span style="font-size: 50px;">4</span>.<span style="vertical-align: top;">00</span> USD per year</span></p>
<div class="clear article_text">
<p>Find your catchy website address with Linux Hosts Inc. &ndash; a top <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/domain-prices/">domains</a> services provider, before it&rsquo;s gone. Free domain name controls &ndash; edit name servers, edit Whois info, unlimited parked domains.</p>
</div>
<div class="line2" style="width: 100%;">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="article_head">
<h2>CLOUD Hosting</h2>
<span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size: 50px;">5</span>.<span style="vertical-align: top;">95</span> USD /mo</span></div>
<div class="clear article_text">
<p>Select where to host your sites with Linux Hosts Inc. &ndash; a аffordable <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/website-hosting/">MySQL website hosting</a> services company with almost 10 years of experience in the hosting industry. <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/reliable-hosting.php">Reliable hosting</a> data centers in the United States, England, Sweden &amp; Australia. A point and click Control Panel.</p>
</div>
<div class="line2" style="width: 100%;">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="article_head">
<h2>Virtual Private Server Hosting</h2>
<span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size: 50px;">18</span>.<span style="vertical-align: top;">45</span> USD /mo</span></div>
<div class="clear article_text">
<p>Accommodate your sites in USA, England, or Australia with Linux Hosts Inc. - a budget <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/vps-web-hosting-account/">virtual private servers</a> plan company with almost five years of experience in the VPS industry. Order now &ndash; get a free Site Manager &amp; a free IP.</p>
</div>
<div class="line2" style="width: 100%;">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="article_head">
<h2>Semi-Dedicated Servers</h2>
<span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size: 50px;">28</span>.<span style="vertical-align: top;">45</span> USD /mo</span></div>
<div class="clear article_text">
<p>Find more resources for your growing applications with Linux Hosts Inc. &ndash; a top <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/semi-dedicated-hosting-service/">semi dedicated servers hosting</a> solutions provider. Gain access to a point and click Control Panel, a Free Site Builder &amp; a Free 1-click Web Apps Installer. 24x7 support.</p>
</div>
<div class="line2" style="width: 100%;">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="article_head">
<h2>Dedicated Servers</h2>
<span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size: 50px;">128</span>.<span style="vertical-align: top;">45</span> USD /mo</span></div>
<div class="clear article_text">
<p>Find the best hosting conditions for your sites with Linux Hosts Inc. &ndash; a best <a href="/first-class-website-hosting/dedicated-server-hosting-service/">dedicated server hosting</a> plans provider. You will be offered a Free Control Panel and a bunch of free dedicated IPs. OS options. Full root access. No server setup fees.</p>
</div>
<div class="line2" style="width: 100%;">&nbsp;</div>
<h3 class="current"><a href="/first-class-website-hosting/top-domains/">Top Domains</a></h3>
<div class="pane">
<p>One of the most important prerequisites for running a successful web presence is the domain name. It is what visitors will note first when they discover your web site and what they will associate you with. The domain name should be easy to memorize, but should also be something that notifies your visitors what the web page is about.</p>
</div>
<h3><a href="/first-class-website-hosting/cheap-hosting/">Cheap Hosting</a></h3>
<div class="pane">
<p>As the information technology niche evolves constantly, modern hosting services are introduced to make site creation and management simpler than ever. A webspace hosting plan with the smallest web storage and monthly bandwidth quotas used to cost 10&rsquo;s of USD a month, but at the moment, some providers provide unmetered packages for only a fraction of the cost, permitting users and small businesses to get their place in the Internet universe.</p>
</div>
<h3><a href="/first-class-website-hosting/virtual-servers-definition/">Virtual Servers Definition</a></h3>
<div class="pane">
<p>To fulfill the demand for reasonably priced, but reliable hosting solutions, vendors initiated a transitional web space hosting environment - the private virtual hosting server. This is a virtual imitation of a web hosting server that operates exactly like a : dedicated web hosting server and is much more advanced than any shared webspace hosting package. At the same time, as numerous accounts are hosted on the very same physical hosting server and each individual pays for their account, the cost of a private virtual web server hosting plan is considerably lower than the price for a dedicated server dedicated server. A small-scale virtual web server account is a little more expensive than the most feature-rich shared site hosting package, but its resources excel by far those of the shared site hosting account.</p>
</div>
<h3><a href="/first-class-website-hosting/semi-dedicated-server-service-article/">Semi-Dedicated Service</a></h3>
<div class="pane">
<p>The cut-rate semi-dedicated web server hosting services from Linux Hosts Inc. are intended for those of you, whose web presence requirements have started to outgrow the resources of their present webhosting platform, and who are not yet feeling ready to move to a dedicated solution. Semi-dedicated server solutions exceed virtual private servers mainly in the larger amount of resources that enable you to run more traffic-heavy web pages and more advanced scripts and applications. Each semi-dedicated package is packed with unmetered disk space and monthly traffic quotas, unlimited hosted domains and emails, etc. Also, you will get a FREE Web Hosting Control Panel with a quick user-friendly interface that makes working with your semi-dedicated server really easy.</p>
</div>
<h3><a href="/first-class-website-hosting/dedicated-web-server-definition/">Dedicated Web Server Definition</a></h3>
<div class="pane">
<p>Corporate pages, social networks and video sharing web portals are very famous and highly visited web pages that require a lot of system resources to operate. The more viewers a web site accommodates simultaneously, the more resources will be needed to manage all the requests from the users' browsers and to fulfill them. Therefore a dedicated server would be the optimal website hosting solution for such web pages.</p>
</div>
<!--<div><span><strong>Web Hosting</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Reseller cPanel CLOUD Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">East Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">West Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Canadian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Australian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">UK Web Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">European Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Sweden Hosting</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Universal Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot COM domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot NET domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot ORG domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot INFO domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot BIZ domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot US domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot UK domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot EU domains</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Country Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot Canada</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Australia</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot New Zealand</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot France</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Espana</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Norway</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Deutchland</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Mexico</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>What is Articles</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Domain name</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain extension</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Generic domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Country code domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain registration</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain transfer</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain renewal</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain expiration</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>-->
<p class="clear">Copyright &copy; 2003-2013 <a href="http://freshblueinc.com">freshblueinc.com</a>. All rights Reserved!</p>
<p>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/first-class-website-hosting/js/jquery-1.6.2.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/first-class-website-hosting/js/jquery.colorbox-min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/first-class-website-hosting/js/jquery.tools.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/first-class-website-hosting/js/script.js"></script>
</p>
<!--[if IE]>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/first-class-website-hosting/js/selectivizr.js"></script>
<![endif]-->
<p>
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://pvdspek.github.com/downloads/jquery.autoellipsis-1.0.2.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">// <![CDATA[
			$(function(){
			  var right_box_height = $(".content_50right").innerHeight() - ($(".sidebar_40left").size() - 1) * 20;
			  right_box_height = right_box_height / $(".sidebar_40left").size() - 40;
			  $(".sidebar_40left").height(right_box_height + 'px');
			  $(".sidebar_40left").each(function() {
				  $(this).find('p')
				  .height(parseInt(right_box_height -20 - $(this).find('h3').innerHeight()) + 'px')
				  .ellipsis();
			  });
			});
		
// ]]></script>
</p>
<!-- yqQppT -->
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<!-- 15a5871a1f1349c6dd0f154ce647acb2 -->